move addon docs to test harness readme (#1402)
openshift/osde2e: docs/OSDE2E-Testing.md

# **Testing with OSDE2E**    

New versions of OpenShift must be qualified as part of a continuous delivery approach into managed environments.  The OpenShift Dedicated End to End (osde2e) test framework facilitates this for the following primary use-cases:
* Managed OpenShift (OSD, ROSA, ARO).  osde2e test results are part of the gating signal for promotion between environments.

> * OSD Operators that run on top of Managed OpenShift. See https://github.com/openshift/osde2e#operator-testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [OSD Operators](../README.md#operator-testing) that run on top of Managed OpenShift.
```
